documentation/source/overview.rst, before:

The OVERVIEW windows
====================

These panes show the overview of the scene and the system.

Summary
-------
The summary pane presents a high-level view of the acceleration structures in
a scene. If dispatches was specified when taking a capture, the dispatches
that shot rays will also be shown.

At the top, a small table will show the number of acceleration structures by type
and if there are any acceleration structures that are empty or missing.

* **Total TLASes** is the total number of top-level acceleration structures in the scene.

* **Total BLASes** is the total number of bottom-level acceleration structures in the scene.

* **Empty BLASes** is the number of BLASes which have no geometry data.

* **Missing BLASes** is the number of instances which contain a reference to a BLAS that isn't
  present in the scene file.

* **Inactive instances** is the number of instances which either have a null handle in place of their
  BLAS reference or have an instance mask of 0x0. This does not exactly match the DirectX 12 and Vulkan
  specification definitions of inactive instances in which an instance mask of 0x0 is not considered
  inactive. The reason for this is that the driver internally converts inactive instances to have an
  instance mask of 0x0 so they are indistinguishable in the scene file.

The **Total memory** is the memory used for all the acceleration structures.

The **TLAS list** shows a list of all Top-level acceleration structures in
the scene. It is split into several sections:

* The left section shows a high level diagram of the TLAS, showing the number
  of instances and BLASes. Also shown is the memory used by the TLAS and the total
  memory used. The total here is the combined memory used by the TLAS and all the BLASes
  it references. TLASes can, and do, share BLASes so the totals for all the TLASes can
  sometimes be larger than the total memory displayed above.

* The right section displays some useful statistics for each TLAS are shown so each
  can be easily identified.

.. image:: media/overview/summary_1.png

Clicking on the TLAS name or address (text in blue) will navigate to the TLAS
Viewer pane.

If dispatches was enabled from the Radeon Developer Panel, the **Dispatch list** shows
a list of all ray dispatches that were executed during the captured frame.

Each dispatch is shown as a card. The title text shows the API function name that launched
the dispatch and the dispatch dimensions.

The **Traversal statistics** show information pertaining to how much computation
was done by this dispatch, such as the number of rays that were cast, the traversal loop counts
and the number of instance intersections. The size of these values relative to the size of the
dispatch may give the user an indication of the efficiency of a particular dispatch.

The **Shader invocations** shows the number of shaders that were executed and their type. This
is also represented as a donut, showing the relative counts of the shader types.

Clicking on the Dispatch name (text in blue) will navigate to the RAY Dispatches pane.

Device configuration
--------------------
This pane will show some of the parameters of the video hardware on which the
scene was recorded, showing such things as the name of the video card and
the memory bandwidth.

.. image:: media/overview/device_config_1.png

Commit message:

Update documentation for RRA v1.7 release

documentation/source/overview.rst, after:

The OVERVIEW windows
====================

These panes show the overview of the scene and the system.

Summary
-------
The summary pane presents a high-level view of the acceleration structures in
a scene. If dispatches was specified when taking a capture, the dispatches
that shot rays will also be shown.

At the top, a small table will show the number of acceleration structures by type
and if there are any acceleration structures that are empty or missing.

* **Total TLASes** is the total number of top-level acceleration structures in the scene.

* **Total BLASes** is the total number of bottom-level acceleration structures in the scene.

* **Empty BLASes** is the number of BLASes which have no geometry data.

* **Missing BLASes** is the number of instances which contain a reference to a BLAS that isn't
  present in the scene file.

* **Inactive instances** is the number of instances which either have a null handle in place of their
  BLAS reference or have an instance mask of 0x0. This does not exactly match the DirectX 12 and Vulkan
  specification definitions of inactive instances in which an instance mask of 0x0 is not considered
  inactive. The reason for this is that the driver internally converts inactive instances to have an
  instance mask of 0x0 so they are indistinguishable in the scene file.

The **Total memory** is the memory used for all the acceleration structures.

The **TLAS list** shows a list of all Top-level acceleration structures in
the scene. It is split into several sections:

* The left section shows a high level diagram of the TLAS, showing the number
  of instances and BLASes. Also shown is the memory used by the TLAS and the total
  memory used. The total here is the combined memory used by the TLAS and all the BLASes
  it references. TLASes can, and do, share BLASes so the totals for all the TLASes can
  sometimes be larger than the total memory displayed above.

* The right section displays some useful statistics for each TLAS are shown so each
  can be easily identified.

.. image:: media/overview/summary_1.png

Clicking on the TLAS name or address (text in blue) will navigate to the TLAS
Viewer pane.

If dispatches was enabled from the Radeon Developer Panel, the **Dispatch list** shows
a list of all ray dispatches that were executed during the captured frame.

Each dispatch is shown as a card. The title text shows the API function name that launched
the dispatch and the dispatch dimensions. If the dispatch has been named (using
vkCmdBeginDebugUtilsLabelEXT or equivalent in Vulkan, or agsDriverExtensionsDX12_PushMarker
or equivalent in DirectX 12), the name will show below the API name.

The **Traversal statistics** show information pertaining to how much computation
was done by this dispatch, such as the number of rays that were cast, the traversal loop counts
and the number of instance intersections. The size of these values relative to the size of the
dispatch may give the user an indication of the efficiency of a particular dispatch.

The **Shader invocations** shows the number of shaders that were executed and their type. This
is also represented as a donut, showing the relative counts of the shader types.

Clicking on the Dispatch API function name (text in blue) will navigate to the RAY Dispatches pane.

Since RRA 1.7 it is possible to associate each dispatch with a user-defined string called a user marker.
If a user marker has been associated with a dispatch, it will be shown below the dispatch API call as
shown below:

.. image:: media/overview/user_markers.png

The **Radeon GPU Profiler** documentation provides a comprehensive description of adding user markers
to your application.

System information
------------------
This pane will show some of the parameters of the video hardware on which the scene was
recorded, showing such things as the name of the video card and the memory bandwidth.
In addition, if any Driver experiments are included when the scene was captured, they will
be displayed here under the section labeled **Driver experiments**. Hovering over a driver
experiment name or value with the mouse pointer displays a tooltip describing that item.

.. image:: media/overview/system_info_1.png
