documentation/source/settings.rst, before:

Settings
========

The settings tab is used to control global settings throughout the product.
These settings are stored, and are persistent for all instances of RRA.

General
-------
**Check for updates** If checked, the Radeon Raytracing Analyzer will alert you
that a new version is available for download.

**Camera reset** If checked, the camera will reset to the starting position and
orientation each time the camera's control style is changed.

**Viewer UI state** If checked, certain elements of the viewer UI's are persistent
between RRA sessions. These are typically selections that are seldom changed. The
following UI elements are shared between all viewers:

-  Culling mode

-  Up axis

-  Invert vertical

-  Invert horizontal

-  Continuous update

-  Projection mode

The following UI elements are saved per-view:

-  Control style

-  BVH coloring mode

-  Geometry coloring mode

-  Heatmap coloring mode

-  Traversal counter coloring mode

-  Rendering mode

-  Show geometry checkbox

-  Show axis-aligned BVH checkbox

-  Show instance transform checkbox (TLAS viewer only)

-  Show wireframe checkbox

-  Accept first hit checkbox

-  Cull back-facing triangles

-  Cull front-facing triangles

**Automatic updates** Check for updates to Radeon Raytracing Analyzer when starting the
program.

**Camera reset** If enabled, the camera will reset position when the camera control style
is changed.

**Viewer UI state** If enabled, the state of the TLAS, BLAS and RAY inspector panes will be
remembered from the last session. Otherwise they will be reset to default settings. Some
state, like camera movement speed, will not be remembered in either case.

**TLAS/BLAS Node display** Will allow the choice between showing the nodes
in the treeviews on the viewer panes either by their GPU address, or by an offset.

**Maximum traversal count** Is used to set the maximum value of the traversal counter
slider. The value can be lowered in the case where the scene has low counter values
which will increase the resolution of the slider, or raised in the case where the
traversal count of the scene exceeds the default value.

**Maximum camera movement speed** Sets the maximum speed of the camera when navigating
around the scene. The speed is altered using a slider on the viewer panes. The default
maximum speed is optimal in most cases but for very large scenes, it may be useful
to increase this value.

**Small object culling** Objects which take small amounts of screen space are culled for
efficiency. Moving the slider closer to the high setting will result in more culling
and better performance.

**Decimal precision** The number of decimal places that floating point values throughout
the app will be displayed at. Hovering the mouse over a floating point value will display
its full precision through a tooltip.

.. image:: media/settings/general_1.png

Themes and colors
-----------------
The Radeon Raytracing Analyzer makes heavy use of coloring to display its information.
This pane allows users to thoroughly customize those colors. These include being able
to specify how to color geometry based on different attributes and showing node types
using different colors.

The **Bounding volume** refers to the colors used to show the bounding volume wireframe
when the "Volume type" BVH coloring mode is selected (coloring modes are described later).

The **Wireframe coloring** colors are used when displaying the wireframe between each
triangle.

The **Selected triangles** is the color used in the BLAS view to show the currently selected
triangle nodes. Note that the selected triangle color is only available in the geometry
rendering mode.

The **Background coloring** refers to the 2 colors that are used to paint the viewer background.
By default, it consists of a checkerboard. Making the 2 colors the same will result in a single
solid color.

The **Opacity coloring** is used for the Opacity geometry coloring mode.

The **Flag indication colors** are the 2 colors used for the build flag geometry coloring modes,
indicating if the build flag is enabled or disabled.

The **Build type coloring** combines the FastBuild and FastTrace flags. These colors are
used for the **fast build/trace** geometry coloring mode. Specifying both build flags is improper
API usage, but coloring it allows the user to spot potential errors.

The **Instance force opaque/no-opaque** combines the ForceOpaque and ForceNoOpaque flags. These colors
are used for the **opacity** geometry coloring mode. Specifying both build flags is improper
API usage, but coloring it allows the user to spot potential errors.

The **Shader invocation coloring** determines the colors of the ray tracing shaders shown in the donut
chart on the Overview pane.

The **Ray coloring** determines the colors of the rays shown in the 3D view of the Ray inspector.

.. image:: media/settings/themes_and_colors_1.png

Keyboard shortcuts
------------------

Here users will find the **Keyboard shortcuts** pane:

The **Global navigation** section refers to keystrokes that aid user
navigation, and are always detected regardless of which pane is visible.

The **Camera hotkeys** shortcuts are specific to moving and panning
operations that can be performed with the camera (see below).

The **Render hotkeys** shortcuts enable certain rendering operations to
be toggled, such as wireframe rendering.

The **Global hotkeys** section refers to any hotkeys available anywhere in
the product.

.. image:: media/settings/keyboard_shortcuts_1.png

All users are encouraged to adopt these keystrokes while using RRA.

UI Navigation
-------------

In an effort to improve workflow, RRA supports keyboard shortcuts and
back and forward history to quickly navigate throughout the UI.

Back and forward navigation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RRA tracks navigation history, which allows users to navigate back and
forward between all of RRA’s panes. This is achieved using global
navigation **hotkeys** shown above, or the back and forward **buttons**
on all panes in the top left below the file menu.

Currently, back and forward navigation is restricted to pane switches.

Commit message:

Update documentation for RRA v1.7 release

documentation/source/settings.rst, after:

Settings
========

The settings tab is used to control global settings throughout the product.
These settings are stored, and are persistent for all instances of RRA.

General
-------
**Check for updates** If checked, the Radeon Raytracing Analyzer will alert you
that a new version is available for download.

**Camera reset** If checked, the camera will reset to the starting position and
orientation each time the camera's control style is changed.

**Viewer UI state** If checked, certain elements of the viewer UI's are persistent
between RRA sessions. These are typically selections that are seldom changed. The
following UI elements are shared between all viewers:

-  Culling mode

-  Up axis

-  Invert vertical

-  Invert horizontal

-  Continuous update

-  Projection mode

The following UI elements are saved per-view:

-  Control style

-  BVH coloring mode

-  Geometry coloring mode

-  Heatmap coloring mode

-  Traversal counter coloring mode

-  Rendering mode

-  Show geometry checkbox

-  Show axis-aligned BVH checkbox

-  Show instance transform checkbox (TLAS viewer only)

-  Show wireframe checkbox

-  Accept first hit checkbox

-  Cull back-facing triangles

-  Cull front-facing triangles

**Automatic updates** Check for updates to Radeon Raytracing Analyzer when starting the
program.

**Camera reset** If enabled, the camera will reset position when the camera control style
is changed.

**Viewer UI state** If enabled, the state of the TLAS, BLAS and RAY inspector panes will be
remembered from the last session. Otherwise they will be reset to default settings. Some
state, like camera movement speed, will not be remembered in either case.

**TLAS/BLAS Node display** Will allow the choice between showing the nodes
in the treeviews on the viewer panes either by their GPU address, or by an offset.

**Maximum traversal count** Is used to set the maximum value of the traversal counter
slider. The value can be lowered in the case where the scene has low counter values
which will increase the resolution of the slider, or raised in the case where the
traversal count of the scene exceeds the default value.

**Maximum camera movement speed** Sets the maximum speed of the camera when navigating
around the scene. The speed is altered using a slider on the viewer panes. The default
maximum speed is optimal in most cases but for very large scenes, it may be useful
to increase this value.

**Small object culling** Objects which take small amounts of screen space are culled for
efficiency. Moving the slider closer to the high setting will result in more culling
and better performance.

**Decimal precision** The number of decimal places that floating point values throughout
the app will be displayed at. Hovering the mouse over a floating point value will display
its full precision through a tooltip.

**Show Driver experiment notifications** If checked, the Radeon Raytracing Analyzer
will display a notification banner under the main drop down menu of the user
interface indicating when a scene contains modified Driver experiments.

.. image:: media/settings/general_1.png

Themes and colors
-----------------
The Radeon Raytracing Analyzer makes heavy use of coloring to display its information.
This pane allows users to thoroughly customize those colors. These include being able
to specify how to color geometry based on different attributes and showing node types
using different colors.

The **Bounding volume** refers to the colors used to show the bounding volume wireframe
when the "Volume type" BVH coloring mode is selected (coloring modes are described later).

The **Wireframe coloring** colors are used when displaying the wireframe between each
triangle.

The **Selected triangles** is the color used in the BLAS view to show the currently selected
triangle nodes. Note that the selected triangle color is only available in the geometry
rendering mode.

The **Background coloring** refers to the 2 colors that are used to paint the viewer background.
By default, it consists of a checkerboard. Making the 2 colors the same will result in a single
solid color.

The **Opacity coloring** is used for the Opacity geometry coloring mode.

The **Flag indication colors** are the 2 colors used for the build flag geometry coloring modes,
indicating if the build flag is enabled or disabled.

The **Build type coloring** combines the FastBuild and FastTrace flags. These colors are
used for the **fast build/trace** geometry coloring mode. Specifying both build flags is improper
API usage, but coloring it allows the user to spot potential errors.

The **Instance force opaque/no-opaque** combines the ForceOpaque and ForceNoOpaque flags. These colors
are used for the **opacity** geometry coloring mode. Specifying both build flags is improper
API usage, but coloring it allows the user to spot potential errors.

The **Shader invocation coloring** determines the colors of the ray tracing shaders shown in the donut
chart on the Overview pane.

The **Ray coloring** determines the colors of the rays shown in the 3D view of the Ray inspector.

.. image:: media/settings/themes_and_colors_1.png

**Color theme:** The color theme can be changed with the "Color Theme" drop down combo box. 
This changes the application-wide background and text color. The "Light" option maintains 
RRA's default look of white backgrounds with black text. The "Dark" option changes RRA to 
have a dark background color with lighter color text. The "Detect OS" option uses the system's 
color theme to determine whether the color theme should be light or dark. If the system's 
color theme cannot be detected, RRA will default to light theme. If the system's color 
theme is changed while RRA is open with the "Detect OS" option selected it will not apply
until the application has been restarted. On Windows operating systems when changing the color 
theme a pop-up prompt will recommend restarting the application. This is because not all parts 
of RRA will update to a change in color theme until the application is restarted. Changing 
the color theme will not change any other color customization options that have been selected.

.. image:: media/settings/dark_theme_prompt.png

This is an example of how RRA will look when the color theme is changed to dark: 

.. image:: media/settings/dark_theme_1.png


Keyboard shortcuts
------------------

Here users will find the **Keyboard shortcuts** pane:

The **Global navigation** section refers to keystrokes that aid user
navigation, and are always detected regardless of which pane is visible.

The **Camera hotkeys** shortcuts are specific to moving and panning
operations that can be performed with the camera (see below).

The **Render hotkeys** shortcuts enable certain rendering operations to
be toggled, such as wireframe rendering.

The **Global hotkeys** section refers to any hotkeys available anywhere in
the product.

.. image:: media/settings/keyboard_shortcuts_1.png

All users are encouraged to adopt these keystrokes while using RRA.

UI Navigation
-------------

In an effort to improve workflow, RRA supports keyboard shortcuts and
back and forward history to quickly navigate throughout the UI.

Back and forward navigation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RRA tracks navigation history, which allows users to navigate back and
forward between all of RRA’s panes. This is achieved using global
navigation **hotkeys** shown above, or the back and forward **buttons**
on all panes in the top left below the file menu.

Currently, back and forward navigation is restricted to pane switches.
